749 state of field (#751)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: paper/paper.md

`FitBenchmarking` originally started as a tool to benchmark fitting algorithms in the data reduction package `Mantid` [@mantid], which is used to process neutron scattering and muon spectroscopy data. `FitBenchmarking` has since been significantly extended to take data and models from other real world applications and data analysis / modelling / treatment packages, such as `SasView` [@sasview] and `CUTEst` [@cutest]. It fits models to the data by using a range of data fitting and nonlinear optimization software packages, and present comparisons through a variety of different metrics. These include comparison tables and performance profile plots.

As far as we are aware, `FitBenchmarking` is the only package that is designed
specifically to interface directly with data analysis packages to test different
implemenations of fitting algorithms.  Below we highlight several packages available that
are closest to `FitBenchmarking` in spirit.

> * `CUTEst` [@cutest] is written in Fortran, but interfaces

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `CUTEst` [@cutest]  interfaces
```

Reviewer: Here would argue it is not relevant/important to mention CUTEst is written in Fortran

method to analyse trace file generated by a user's own tests.
* `Olympus` [@olympus] is a benchmarking framework designed for experiment planning,
which provides analytic benchmark problems, experimental datasets, and emulated datasets.
These benchmark test sets define optimization problems,
on which different optimization methods
(called planners in `Olympus`) can be tested.  A range of optimization methods are
provided, but the focus is more on testing different algorithms, rather than comparing
the implementations of algorithms.  However, `Olympus` is designed to add further
problems (called emulators), or optimization methods, so could be used to benchmark
data fitting problems.
* `Benchopt` [@benchopt] is a package for general optimization benchmarking, but which
is primarily used to benchmark data fitting using a range of cost functions.
A set of benchmarks on a limited number of datasets are publically available,
and new benchmarks, comprising a data set, cost function, and a set of optimizers
on which to run, can be added. At the end a plot of optimization progress vs time
is produced.

> We designed `FitBenchmarking` to compliment and build on these packages, specifically
> to benchmark optimization methods applied to data fitting problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We designed `FitBenchmarking` to benchmark optimization methods applied to data fitting problems, and methods as implemented within optimization libraries and within data analysis software packages.
```

Reviewer: We can work on this sentence when we meet up later
